- Ha! Come on! Get some!
- They're here!
They're finally here!
Uh, a lot of thin
envelopes, bro.
Here goes nothing!
"Dear Josh..."
That's a good start.
"We regret to inform you
that we are unable to offer
"you admission to Kristen.
Kristen receives hundreds
"of applications each year,
but she only has room
"for two or three guys.
"Blah, blah, blah.
We wish you all the best
"in finding a girlfriend
for the fall term."
Damn it, she was my top choice.
Don't worry about it, buddy.
Nobody gets into Kristen.
Open another.
- Okay, all right!
- Yeah, we got this.
- Here goes nothing!
- Come on!
Thank you
"for your interest in Erica.
- Mm-hmm.
- "Unfortunately, after
"many years
as a coed institution,
she has decided
to admit only women."
- For real?
- Yeah.
Why do I suddenly
want to go there?
Yeah, that's,
you know, it's hard
- to take that personal, so...
- Yeah!
Open more! Open more!
Laura... Damn it.
That's a six-year program.
You don't want that.
Annie!
Rejected. Shaniqua?
But I didn't have... I wasn't
holding my breath on that.
Rebecca? Deanna? Vanessa.
Aw, man.
And that's that.
Sorry, man.
- I know, I know.
- It's okay.
♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey... ♪
There.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
What is that?
Okay, let's not
get our hopes up, all right?
We are delighted
"to announce that you
have been accepted
as a boyfriend by Rachel!"
Yes!
Ah, Rachel? I...
I never heard of Rachel.
Here, here. She's a,
she's a small liberal arts girl.
Aw, man, are you sure, dude?
"Dinner parties, book clubs,
poetry readings"?
Um... I just don't think
she's a good match.
Look, maybe
defer for a year, travel,
and then apply for a
girl you really like.
No more applying.
I'm sick of applying!
Now, she's in state.
And she accepted me.
Have you considered the Army?
Man Seeking Woman - 01x08
Branzino
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
sync and correction by solfieri
www.addic7ed.com
I can't believe how right
we are for each other.
We're so similar.
It-it's just like
we're soul mates.
Soul mates.
- It's like we're the same person.
- Yeah.
Like if I were to say my
favorite food... Food...
- is...
- soft...
- boiled eggs.
- Boil... soft-boiled eggs.
I'm so excited
to meet your mom.
Yeah? Yeah, it's
gonna be great.
You look nervous.
Well, I just, I haven't...
introduced anyone
to her in a while.
So... yeah, it's just
a bit of pressure.
Oh, don't worry.
You're right.
I'm overthinking this.
- Mm-hmm.
- It's no big deal.
Live from
Evanston, Illinois, it's...
Tonight, join Mom
and her guests...
_
Featuring...
And now here she is...
Mom!
Thank you.
- Start with your funny horse story.
- Oh, yeah.
Get her laughing, then we'll
go to where you're from.
Tom, play me over to my desk.
You guys are on.
Let's bring out our first
guests, Josh and Rachel.
- Hi, Mom.
- Oh...
Good to see you.
- Hi. Hi, Rachel.
- Hi. Nice to meet you.
It's nice to meet you.
Josh has told me
so much about you.
Okay.
So it says here
you two have been
together for three months.
Um, no, no, it's, uh,
three weeks, actually.
- Three weeks?
- Mm-hmm.
There's an Activia in my fridge
I've had a longer
relationship with.
So, Mom,
uh, Rachel, uh,
works for a nonprofit.
Oh.
- A nonprofit.
- Yeah.
A non...
What is a nonprofit, Tom?
- Do you know what that is? I do not...
- It sounds like, uh,
cousin Donnie's boat business.
Donnie's in jail.
Donnie...
No, actually,
she works for a very,
um, fascinating
environmental...
- advocacy group.
- Oh.
Ad... Environmental
advocacy group.
Mmm, eco.
♪ Eco-I-A. ♪
I-I mostly do
social media outreach
and Java script coding.
- Whoa.
- Yeah.
Well...
supercalifragilistic
to you, too.
I haven't seen your mother
this confused
since I tried to show her
how to use an Allen wrench.
We're gonna take a break.
- Already?
- And, uh, to hear from our sponsor.
So we'll be right back.
Wait, um...
Josh told me that you
make the world's
best German potato salad.
That's true, I did.
She's heard about
the potato salad.
I would be so honored
if I could get the
recipe. We're having
people over for dinner
on Saturday night,
and I'm still missing a starch.
Lady is looking for a starch.
You're hosting a dinner party?
- Together?
- Oh, y-yes. Yes, we are, yes, we are.
Yeah. Well, that
would be a potluck?
- No, I'm making everything.
- You're making everything?
- Buffet or sit-down?
- Sit-down.
Hello!
Now, that's a real dinner par...
Tom,
they're hosting a
real dinner party.
Rachel, I want to
hear all about it...
what's on the menu,
who are the guests.
This is just great.
Stick around. We're gonna be
right back with my
new favorite couple,
- Josh and Rachel.
- One, two,
three, four, five,
six and seven.
Come on, get up. That's it.
Come on, let's dance.
Get down,
get down, get down, get down.
Last night, I think,
went so great.
It was amazing.
It couldn't have
gone any better.
It's so obvious
that we're perfect
for each other.
- We're so perfect.
- Aw.
Aw, thank you.
Would you like
- some breakfast?
- Oh, yes, yes, please.
What do we got?
Soft-boiled eggs.
Oh. Okay.
This is our favorite meal.
Yes, it is.
- This is so perfect. This is all so cute.
- Mm-hmm.
Oh. That's a true egg smell.
Cheers to a couple
of soft-boiled... us.
Mm.
- Mm.
- Mm-hmm?
- Perfection.
- Mmm. Mm-hmm.
♪ Welcome, welcome, welcome. ♪
- Hey, come on in, guys.
- Come on in.
Yeah, we're... So we're adults.
Oh, nice, you brought wine.
It's a really good Malbec
from Argentina.
- I love Malbec.
- I love Nalpec.
Now, we will be plating
in just a minute.
Until then, go ahead and have Then...
go ahead and...
- some hors d'oeuvres.
- Hors d'oeuvres.
- Oh, this is incredible.
- Please.
Amusery your bouches.
- Mm.
- Let's, uh,
- keep it clean.
- Yeah, okay, sure, I'm sorry.
This is so...
This is so fun and cute
and-and neat and awesome.
This is my first
real dinner party.
- You're doing a great job.
- Oh, thank you so much.
Oh, you're so cute.
- Oh.
- Duty calls.
- Duty calls, duty calls.
♪ Welcome, welcome, wel... ♪
What up, sluts?
Oh.
What... What are...
What are you doing here?
Saturday night, man.
Came to party
- with Dr. Cocktopus. Oh.
- That's ne...
That's not a nickname.
That's not my nickname.
- Oh, it is. That's his nickname.
- Well, we're just
kind of having a little,
uh, dinner party.
- Party? Excellent.
- No, not...
- Where the honeys at?
- No, it's not...
- O-Okay.
- Hey, any of you homos got pills?
- Yo, check it out. I call this one
- No, I-I don't...
"Cowboys and Indians" 'cause
it's white and red. You get it?
Mm. Mm, mm.
What was that... six seconds?
Oh, God.
You seen that video
where that girl
has sex with a dog?
- It's disgusting, dude.
- German shepherd. Yeah.
You know those dogs are
demented, too, 'cause they
interbreed 'em. Oh, but
that dog was lovin' it, bro.
Dinner is served.
Aw. Oh, it looks beautiful.
- Cute.
- Get that thing away from me, dude!
What the shit kind
of bullshit shit is that, man?
- It's branzino.
- Sanzino.
Oh, man, that thing's
gonna come to life
and chew my nuts off
in my sleep.
God, it's like a Stephen King
movie up in here, bro.
♪ Rastafarian ♪
Bla, bla, bla, bla. Sounds
I like to slow it down, DJ.
Ooh. Fish in space. Mike.
Will you put him in another
room? He's getting all riled up.
Yeah, it's a very good...
very good point. Okay.
- Hey, buddy, buddy, buddy?
- Uh-huh?
- Why don't you put the fish down?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Okay. Thanks. Okay.
- Here, over here.
- Here we go.
Come on, right in here,
right in here.
- So who's seen  Blackfish?
- Oh, my God, it's...
Okay, okay.
- Here, have a seat. Sit, sit, sit.
- Wh... Why?
Okay, okay.
Um, you got to stay
here for a bit, okay?
- Okay.
- Okay, good.
Good bro.
Good bro!
Whoa, whoa, where you going?
Well, I have to get
back to the party.
Oh... No, no, no, no, no. No.
No. You stay.
- You have to stay here. Okay?
- Oh...
Good Mike. Good.
♪ Good night, good night. ♪
Thank you for
the book recommendations.
I can't wait to read
all those books.
- Whew!
- Oh...
That was so cute.
- Okay. Now this.
- I know.
Well, good news...
he's probably asleep.
Okay. Shh.
Oh, God. Oh, Jesus.
He got into the weed.
Paul Blart, Mall Cop.
- Josh, what are we gonna do about him?
- I don't know.
It's just getting
to be so much work.
I mean, looking after him,
cleaning up his messes...
Plus, he tried to hump Tina.
Yeah, and he shit
- on the bed.
- Oh, my God.
That would explain that smell.
Maybe he just doesn't
fit into our lifestyle.
I think it's time.
Come on, bro.
Atta bro.
This way. Come on, buddy.
Come on, bud.
Hey, bro.
You're a good bro, aren't you?
- Yes, you are.
- Yeah.
Do you like  Call of Duty?
Oh... Do you like Doritos?
Oh, I bet you do!
I bet you do.
Aw, Salsa Verde!
Sick!
This place seems nice.
Well, keeping our bros
happy and healthy
- is our top priority.
- And you guys'll
find a good new
best friend for him?
We'll certainly do our best
in the 30-day time period.
Why? What happens after 30 days?
You know, we don't really
have the resources
to keep the bros
here permanently.
So if we can't find a friend
for them in that time, it...
it is our policy
to put them down.
You mean kill them?
It's very humane.
First, we sedate the bros
with a 12-pack of shitty beer,
and then we inject their heart
with a lethal dose
of sodium thiopental.
No.
Uh, that's...
I don't think
I can do that to Mike.
Mike is 27.
Uh, that's very old for a bro.
- Uh-huh.
- And you've probably noticed
he can't party
as hard as he used to.
Yeah, no, his...
hangovers have been
getting worse and...
he's having trouble dancing.
Turn down, what's up!
- Oh.
- Yeah.
No, I guess his...
quality of life's pretty poor.
You know, when a bro gets
to the age where he can't,
you know, pound Patrón
and crush mad sloppy gash,
the best option is often death.
Initial here...
Okay. Um...
Can I just, uh, say, uh...
- Just take a minute.
- Thank you.
Hey. Hey.
- Hey.
- Okay, I'm gonna get going now.
- Okay.
- I'll come with you. Let's get burritos.
- No, no.
You got to stay here.
- What?
- Yeah.
Yeah.
I love you, bro.
I love you, too, dude.
Oh.
This door sucks.
Hey.
Oh, dude.
I'm so hammered.
I pounded those beers.
You sure did, bro.
I got to get my dick
wet, son.
You'll get your dick wet...
in Heaven.
Sick.
Oh!
Oh, my God!
No! No, no!
No, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no!
Uh, hey, ma'am?
Made a huge mistake. I-I...
Um, I want my bro back.
It's too late! Your bro
is property of the state.
Prop-Property of the state? He's
my best friend in there.
He's a menace! Bros are nothing
but a scourge on our city.
Slamming shots, pissing in
the streets, shouting "YOLO."
They should all be exterminated!
Exterminated?
Okay. All right.
Hey, what's all that, uh...?
Hey, stop!
Guards! Oh, no, no, no, no.
Hey, stop! Stop 'em!
Hey, come on right now.
Get down!
Bro release!
Come on! Come on!
- What is this place?
- A place where bros
can run free.
Oh, sick!
Naked ladies!
- Aren't you coming?
- I got to get back
to Rachel. We're going to Ikea.
You got to get in there, bud,
before they run out of wings.
Good-bye, bro.
I want some tittays!
Yeah!
- Oh, it's Malbec.
- Oh!
Right? Rachel and I love Malbec.
Yeah.
Um, we're so glad
you guys could come out, because
we actually have a bit of
an announcement to make. Honey?
My lease is up at the end
of the month,
and Josh and I spend
so much time
together already
that we figured...
Why not get
surgically conjoined?
- What?
- Wow.
Do-Doesn't that
seem a little too soon
maybe to be making that step?
Leo and I have
been together for
four years now, and... and we
still have separate bodies.
- Oh.
- Yeah. No, I know.
That's you guys, though.
I mean, each relationship moves
at its own pace.
- Uh-huh, yeah.
- I believe.
I mean, I have no doubt that you
guys will get to where we're at
one of these days, but, uh...
- Maybe.
- You know, may-maybe.
Uh, but for us,
it was, like, why wait?
We're soul mates.
Mmm.
- Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm.
- Mmm. Mmm.
I know. I just thought it was like a
dreamlike memento. Oh, my gosh, yes.
I thought the same thing
when I read it, yeah.
- What did you think?
- The sentence structure...
- Are you ready to turn the page?
- Not yet.
Not... yet...
I don't even know
what this sentence...
You know, it's been
a while since we've...
- What?
- You know.
Oh. Oh, yeah.
Yeah. Uh, do... do you want to?
I mean, if you want
to, I would do that.
- Yeah, yeah, sure.
- Yeah.
- Good idea.
- Okay.
- That's a terrific idea.
- Yeah.
- All right?
- Um...
- Okay, so...
- Okay.
Can you... can you
fold... folding?
- I'm folding.
- Okay, gonna fold.
- Can... uh, folding?
- Try my best.
I'm trying to fold.
- There we go. Okay.
- Okay, can you...?
I can't do it. Maybe if I...
Maybe if I took a rib out.
- Okay, well, you know what?
- Maybe if you would've
tried harder in yoga,
we'd be more flexible.
Are you kidding me?
If you don't want
to do this anymore,
than you should
just say something.
- Of course I want to do this.
- If you don't find us attractive anymore,
- than you should just tell me...
- I just...
You're the one that needs the
mood to be right all the time.
Because you don't
communicate with me.
- I don't always know what you're thinking.
- No, no, no, this is on you, not me.
What happened to us?
It's like all we
do is bicker now.
I don't know.
It's like there's...
There's a distance between us.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's...
No, that's my mix CD.
Yeah.
Um, who gets the toaster?
Oh, you can keep it.
Yeah. Okay.
- Well, who gets the bowels?
- Ooh.
Uh, do you mind
if I hang on to those?
I just feel like
I use them way more than you do.
Sure. Um...
Burp!
Um... on three?
Yeah. Yeah?
One, two, three.
Oh, God!
Oh, shit, man. I'm sorry, dude.
*****
Fair enough.
Thank you.
- Missed you, brother.
- Missed you too, Mike.
Sync and correction by solfieri
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org